Color schemes for Gnome Terminal
========================================

Scripts for setting solarized, base-16 and zenburn color schemes in gnome
terminal

Installation and usage
----------------------

To be able to uninstall, we highly recommend that you create a new Gnome
Terminal profile, using the menus in Gnome Terminal.

You need the `dconf` command (if you run a recent Gnome version). With Ubuntu,
this can be installed by running

    $ sudo apt-get install dconf-cli

Then you can run the installation script:

    $ ./install.sh

And just follow the instructions.

Uninstall
---------

Change to another profile in Gnome Terminal, then remove the Solarized profile
by running:

### Gnome 3.6 or lower

    $ rm -r ~/.gconf/apps/gnome-terminal/profiles/Solarized/

### Gnome 3.8 or higher

Be sure to have the dconf-cli package installed and do:

    $ dconf reset -f /org/gnome/terminal/legacy/profiles:/PROFILE_ID"

Replace PROFILE_ID by your profile ID (you can get it in your profile
configuration in gnome-terminal).

Themes
------

Each theme has is own folder in the `colors` dir. It contains 5 files:

  * bd_color: bold color
  * bg_color: background color
  * fg_color: foreground color
  * palette_dconf: palette for dconf (for gnome-terminal 3.8 or higher). Each
    color is surrounded of simple quotes, and colors are comma separated.
  * palette_gconf: palette for gconf (for gnome-terminal 3.6 or lower). Colors
    are separated by colons.

No additional configuration is needed to add a theme, the installation script
just list at launch the children folders in the `colors` dir.

Contributors
------------

See [Anthony repo]

FAQ
===

Conflicting background colors in VIM
------------------------------------

Use the 16 colors terminal option to get VIM to look like GVIM with solarized
colors.

    set t_Co=16

Mate terminal compatibility
---------------------------

This script has to stay simple, and including Mate compatibility is not what I
want, even if there is not a lot of changes between Mate-Terminal and
Gnome-Terminal. Moreover, I do not use Mate so I would only test the script
quickly in a virtual machine, and it is not the main platform target.

However, I invite anybody to fork this script and to include the modifications
for Mate (michel-slm already did the job in the pull-request #39, many thanks
to him !). If it is maintained (like pulling the new commits from this repo
and following the Mate Terminal changes), I will quote the forked repo in this
readme.

[Anthony repo]: https://github.com/Anthony25/gnome-terminal-colors-solarized
[Solarized homepage]:   http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized
[Solarized repository]: https://github.com/altercation/solarized
[Gnome Terminal Colors Solarized repository]: https://github.com/sigurdga/gnome-terminal-colors-solarized
[dircolors solarised color theme]: https://github.com/seebi/dircolors-solarized
